This is it.
gorgeous
Why not?
I'm a little uncomfortable.
I'll go first
Huamei sister
Today is the day Beichen takes office as the deputy city lord
Where are you going?
Yes, I also want to introduce you to Chen Dawei
Lord Chen Zhi
Sister Jingyun smiles
I heard you were robbed yesterday.
How are you?
Don't mention the necklace my sister gave me yesterday
I don't know which thief robbed it.
I'm pissed off.
If I can catch these thieves
I'm sure I can't spare them
As long as people are okay
Hey, by the way, our family talk, Sister Mei
I also have a gift for you
You will love it really
It's You
Thrush sister
Give a gift to Xiaoxiao
What happened yesterday is written off
No, no, no, no delivery, no
Since this sister is unwilling to send
Then forget it.
Be quick, please.
If you make Chengzu's daughter unhappy
That's not easy to handle
This
Isn't this the necklace I was robbed of yesterday?
Haha what
I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know anything.
I picked this up
Sister, I think you robbed it, right?
Those two punks from yesterday
Is it with you?
No no no no no no
It's really not me
I hate people robbing me the most
This must be a misunderstanding
Dad is this person
He hit me!
And stole my necklace
You have to take care of your daughter.
Ring courting death